The Joe Rogan experience.
I also think there's a funny thing,
which is there's this history of famous actors, right? So, and, and it,
I do think it,
it sort of begins with Brando because Brando had such an enormous effect on the
psychology of men in, in America. He really, he really liked.
And if you look at what I would call,
like the great generation of American actors, the,
the Dustin Hoffman, Robert Niro, Robert Duvall, gene Hackman,
um, Alf, Gino, Morgan, Freeman, Meryl Streep like this, you know,
the whole PO that's all like the post Brando generation, all of those people,
literally all of them wanted to become actors because of Marlon Brando. And,
and he, he,
so rewrote the idea of what it was,
what it could be that you had got a hole.
It was like what Bob Dylan did in, in the culture. It was like, it rewrote,
like it just rewrote the game or.
What Lenny did with common. Yeah.
Absolutely. Lenny Bruce and go there.
And there are these people who come and they have,
they have like a kind of us,
a permanent they're a permanent before and after in,
in a certain kind of field. You know what I mean? Hendricks with the guitar hen.
Yeah, yeah. Yes. I would say so. I would say so in rock guitar. Yeah. Uh,
I'll tell you, it is interesting when you go back and look at rock in that era.
There's that famous story of, I think of,
I don't remember if it's like Pete Townson,
making Eric Clapton come with him to your Hendrix and Clapton crying,
you know about it. Yeah. I heard that story, but you can't,
but you also can't discount a clap clapped in, in, in, you know,
there's those famous photos of the wall. Clapton has God, like, like
there's, it's, it's hard to like you,
you can't really underrate what Clapton did to guitar and guitar,
you know, in that era too.
Right? No, he was phenomenal, but it was a different.
Thing. It was a different thing to me. Hendrix was, was a protean. He he's.
It seemed like he broke through to a new dimension. Yeah.
Pop through the membrane of existence into this new sound.
And there's guys that are like, there there's people that have a distinct set.
Like, are you a Gary Clark Jr.
Fan? Nope. I can't.
Gary Clark Junior's of phenomenal blues guitarist.
And he has a sound that's almost instantaneously
recognizable as Gary Clark. Jr. You hear him and you go, oh my God.
There it is like everyone that works with them, it's just like,
they just walk away sweating, just going Jesus Christ. Wow.
I feel that way about Willie Nelson.
I think Willie Nelson is legitimately and in country music like
there's before and after Willie Nelson. Like, and, and you can say that he,
you know, that Hank Williams Jr, or whatever that he,
but Willy Willy Nelson to me is the hinge around which it
goes from being something that had, you know,
then it had a Nashville kind of grand old Opry kind of polished to it.
And he basically took it.
He reclaimed it in as this like American roots thing
and put jazz in it. That's what's so crazy. Is people,
anyone who plays music knows like Willie Nelson is essentially a jazz guitar
player. Like an, and he's he, you know,
redheaded stranger is that to me, that's a before and after kind of a thing too,
like, there's that out, that whole outlaw thing.
And I think there's a whole lot of it.
It's almost like after that there's two camps.
There's still going to be like the, you know, the, um,
Steve Earl in his copperhead road thing is more of the Potter thing.
But then there's like, Steve roll roots, Steve Earl, you know what I mean?
It's like, he almost like straddled it, but,
but my point about Brando was just that, like, he, he,
he changed the,
he changed the idea of the type of person that male
actors wanted to be. They want suddenly it was like,
they wanted to have like a patina or a reputation as a
visceral. They wanted to be visceral, not polished. They wanted to be muscular.
They wanted to be masculine. They wanted to be, um,
you know, uh, intense.
Like those were not the kind of words that people,
when you think back on like Jimmy Stewart, Cary grant, like that,
that is not what that is.
Not what movie stars were aspiring to.
They were aspiring to Polish a kind of a Polish before Brando and
after.
Right. So there's, so there's something to his performances where you go, oh,
well this is more like real life than a fit, like on the waterfront.
Like I could have been a contender thing. Yeah. Like when he's doing that,
you're like, well, oh, this is how someone would actually behave.
If they felt like their life had been a disaster and it could have been avoided.
Well, you just hit on something though that I, it drives me nuts. Cause when,
when people sort of talk about Brando, they're like, you know,
there's sort of the, like the Stanley Kowalski, um,
the, the brutal masculinity, et cetera.
The thing about Brando is he is beautiful. He's an,
he's kind of this enormous Roman looking guy,
but it's where he kills where he really kills is this kind of broken
sensitivity that he had. And I could have been a contender is not a tough guy.
Speech. It's the opposite. It's, it's a broken tough guy.
It's a guy practically crying saying like you were my,
you were my brother and you should have looked out for me.
I needed you looking out for me.
And my life is my life's gone down the toilet because of that. In that moment,
you didn't look out for me. It's, you know, it's, it's like tearful.
It's not end end.
Even even the best moment of Stanley Kowalski and streetcar
is, is really,
it's like when he falls on his knees in front of his wife and cries,
you know what I mean? It's like,
that's what he w he was way better in,
in a lot of ways. To me,
it's the fact that he was actually kind of in touch with his emotional life.
It's not that he was like, so macho at all.
It's that he, he looked that way, but he was,
but he actually had this like poetic sensitivity.
Yes. And it was, it w it resonated real, like, it felt real.
And if you watch actors before him,
there was a certain undeniable theatrical element to
what they were doing. That was like, oh, this guy's acting. Yeah.
Whereas he was, he seemed like a guy who was really living the scene.
Yeah. Yeah.
And some of it it's sometimes I think it sounds silly to say the instrument of a
person, but he, he has this crazy he's he looks the way he looks,
but he's got this marble mouth. He does. He's not articulate.
He doesn't come off as like,
he there's a mushiness to the way he speaks and, uh, kind of, uh, um,
yeah, it, it, it doesn't have a style. You know, the,
the guys before that it was, you felt their hurt.
You felt that they were working on their style. And,
and he seemed to be sort of like scratching his ribs and,
and mumbling and, and, um, you know, in a t-shirt.
And he just was, he would kind of present in the moment.
I think it was all accentuated, by the way, he ended his life,
like the end of his life. He was enormous, gigantic fat guy. And he just,
it just given into all of his vices. And he was just this guy.
He was a beautiful man. He just didn't seem to give a about that at all.
Yeah. I think he said something to me one time about how, um,
how much he was enjoying his life when he was like 23. And, and he's like, I,
you know, even when he was doing the play streetcar that made him famous,
he was telling me like, he would get with his pal Diego and go up to Harlem,
go to clubs and hit on girls and all these things. And, and I said,
you weren't aware of what was going on, you know? And he goes, well, there was,
I was aware of a certain amount of noise rising.
And then one day I woke up and I was sitting on a pile of candy. That's what he,
and, um, and I thought, what a really wild way to say it.
And I do think I'm not even joking to me. It's like what you said. It was like,
after that, they were just, it was like, there was no boundaries.
He was like the gate, he was getting every, everything was he,
he could, he wasn't gonna be able to resist. He wasn't disciplined.
He wasn't a super disciplined person. He was very poetic person.
And I don't think he was disciplined. And I think that a lot of what happened,
you know, he had like something like 17 children. Um, and, and he got,
you know, he had appetites and he had these things. And I, I think that, um,
I, I do think that he w you know, struggled,
struggled to,
to deal with all the things that came with being that famous, you know.
And being that famous when there wasn't really a lot of examples of how to do it
right or wrong before you.
Yeah. Uh, that's sort of the Elvis thing, right. It, yeah. It's the Elvis thing.